Kernel docs for ncs 1.5 (#3796)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    * ``SYS_CLOCK_HW_CYCLES_TO_NS64()``
    * ``SYS_CLOCK_HW_CYCLES_TO_NS()``

  * Removed the deprecated ``CONFIG_LEGACY_TIMEOUT_API`` option. All timeouts
    must now be specified using the ``k_timeout_t`` type.

  * Updated :c:func:`k_timer_user_data_get` to take a ``const struct k_timer *timer`` instead of a non-\ ``const`` pointer.
  * Added a new :c:macro:`K_DELAYED_WORK_DEFINE` macro
  * Added a new :option:`CONFIG_MEM_SLAB_TRACE_MAX_UTILIZATION` macro. If enabled, :func:`k_mem_slab_max_used_get` can be used to get a memory slab's maximum utilization in blocks.

  * Bug fixes:

    * Fixed a race condition between :c:func:`k_queue_append` and :c:func:`k_queue_alloc_append`.
    * Updated the kernel to no longer try to resume threads that are not suspended.
    * Updated the kernel to no longer attempt to queue threads that are already in the run queue.
    * Updated :c:func:`k_busy_wait` to return immediately on a zero time-out, and improved accuracy on nonzero time-outs.

>     * The idle loop no longer unlocks and locks IRQs. This avoids a race condition; see `Zephyr issue 30573 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/30573>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The idle loop no longer unlocks and locks IRQs. 
      This avoids a race condition; see `Zephyr issue 30573 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/30573>`_.
```

>     * An arithmetic overflow which prevented long sleep times or absolute timeouts from working properly has been fixed; see `Zephyr issue #29066 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/29066>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * An arithmetic overflow that prevented long sleep times or absolute time-outs from working properly has been fixed; see `Zephyr issue #29066 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/29066>`_.
```

>     * A logging issue where some kernel debug logs could not be removed was fixed; see `Zephyr issue #28955 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/28955>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A logging issue where some kernel debug logs could not be removed was fixed; see `Zephyr issue #28955 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/28955>`_.
```
